New cugraph site structure (#3343)
rapidsai/cugraph: docs/cugraph/source/graph_support/PyG_support.md

> # cugraph_pyg

Reviewer: This document is out of date.  Usage of cugraph-pyg is now significantly different from what is shown in the included example.  In addition, cugraph-service is no longer used by cugraph-pyg; cugraph-pyg now depends exclusively on cugraph.

Author: removed that specific info in that page. I will replace it with better text and an example when I update the page in 23.06

# cugraph_pyg

> [RAPIDS](https://rapids.ai) cugraph_pyg enables the ability to use cugraph Property Graphs with PyTorch Geometric (PyG).  PyG users will have access to cuGraph through the PyG GraphStore, FeatureStore, and Sampler interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[RAPIDS](https://rapids.ai) cugraph_pyg enables the ability to use cugraph graph storage and sampling with PyTorch Geometric (PyG).  PyG users will have access to cuGraph through the PyG GraphStore, FeatureStore, and Sampler interfaces.
```
